docs: rename premium plugins to enterprise plugins (#21222)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/enterprise/_index.md

### Reporting

> Reporting make it possible to take any dashboard, generate a PDF report, and set up a schedule to have it delivered. [Learn More]({{< relref "../features/reporting.md" >}}).

Author: ```suggestion
Reporting makes it possible to take any dashboard, generate a PDF report, and set up a schedule to have it delivered. [Learn More]({{< relref "../features/reporting.md" >}}).
```

> Reporting make it possible to take any Dashboard and generate a PDF report and setup a schedule to have it delivered. [Learn More]({{< relref "../features/reporting.md" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reporting make it possible to take any dashboard, generate a PDF report, and set up a schedule to have it delivered. [Learn More]({{< relref "../features/reporting.md" >}}).
```
